Welcome to the freelance masterclass.
And I'm excited you decided to join me for this detailed and engaging dive into the world of freelancing.
I wanted to spend this course guide reviewing the basic core structure and giving you tips on how best
to move throughout the course.
First of all if you have access to Facebook join the exclusive student Facebook group by typing in going
freelance masterclass in the Facebook search bar are going to Facebook dot com slash groups slash going
freelance masterclass.
I hope this group provides you with a lot of helpful community engagement and gives you an open friendly
place to connect with others who were trying or have gone freelance with their creative talents this
course is divided up into several different main sections.
Make sure you download the resources that are attached to this lesson which will include the course
outline here this course outline as a basic checklist to help you see your progress as you move throughout
the course.
The second is a downloadable word and PDL document that contains links to some of the resources I mentioned
throughout the class and I refer to this document as the resource guide.
Later on in the course there are a ton of downloadable resources referenced throughout the course to
access those on udemy.
You'll see a resource button next to the lesson in the video player on the desktop version of Udemy.
There are several sprinkled throughout the course so keep an eye out on those resource buttons to access
those extra helpful resources.
This course can be taken at your own pace and feel free to skip particular sections or lectures if you
already feel comfortable with that particular topic and feel free to take another look at the course
outline and checklist to see if there's any lessons or topics that interest you the most if you have
a chance.
As you move throughout the course I would love a review how you're ready to get started now.
I'll see you in the first lesson as we talk about creating our freelancing goals.